# ElevenLabs-OpenAI-Integration

## Introduction
[中文说明](README_CHINESE.md)

I wrote a PHP version of the Python code referenced in https://elevenlabs.io/docs/api-reference/websockets and added an HTML5 client. 
This allows for chatting with GPT through voice input and generates cloned voice output.
This project seamlessly integrates the ElevenLabs text-to-speech service with the OpenAI GPT-3.5 Turbo chat model, 
creating a dynamic and interactive environment. Leveraging the Workerman library, 
a WebSocket server is implemented to receive user text input, 
process it through the OpenAI GPT-3.5 Turbo model for chat completion, 
and then transform the responses into speech using the ElevenLabs text-to-speech service.

## Prerequisites

Ensure that your server meets the following prerequisites:

- PHP8+ is installed.
- Composer is installed for managing project dependencies.
- Obtain API keys for OpenAI and ElevenLabs. Replace 'your_openai_apikey', 'your_elevenlabs_apikey', and 'your_voice_id' in the code with your actual API keys and voice ID.

## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository:

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/xuebingwang/ElevenLabs-OpenAI-Integration.git
    ```

2. Install dependencies:

    ```bash
    composer install
    ```

3. Replace placeholder API keys:

    - Replace 'your_openai_apikey', 'your_elevenlabs_apikey', 'your_voice_id' with your actual API keys and voice ID in the code.

4. Run the WebSocket server:

    ```bash
    php socket_server.php
    ```
5. Connect to the WebSocket server using a client that supports WebSocket communication.

## Usage

1. Connect to the WebSocket server using a WebSocket client.
2. Send a JSON message with the following format:

    ```json
    {
        "token": "your_token",
    }
    ```

    ```json
   {
   "text": "your_text_to_generate_speech"
   }
    ```

    Replace 'your_token' with the authentication token and 'your_text_to_generate_speech' with the text you want to convert to speech.

3. Receive the response from the server, including the speech generated by ElevenLabs.
4. For specific results, please refer to web_client.html and client.php.

## Features

- Real-time conversion of user text input to natural-sounding speech.
- Seamless integration of OpenAI's powerful chat model for dynamic conversations.
- Customizable WebSocket server for easy integration into various applications.
- Ideal for projects requiring interactive and engaging voice interactions.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
